# Favorite_Movies
C.S
<p>here are some movies that we watch and forget while some others have an everlasting effect on our lives. I would like to talk about my favorite movie, 3 idiots. It is a Bollywood movie directed and produced by a well-known Indian director, Raj Kumar Hirani. Since it was based on a renowned novel &lsquo;5 Points Someone&rsquo; and one of my favorite artist, Aamir Khan is casted in it, I was extremely eager to watch this film.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>The film is focused on three college friends from a prestigious institution of India. The plot revolves around the protagonists belonging to different cultural backgrounds who have different goals in life but they end up in an engineering institution. Thus, talking about how Asian parents force the dreams on their children. One of them has a unique approach towards life and is blessed with a super technical mind. On the other hand, his friends were not that brilliant and were not interested in a particular field.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This movie was released in 2009 so it&rsquo;s been quite a long time but it still remains on the top of my all-time favorite movies. I remember watching it with my friends during my school days. The film is beautifully crafted and has some exciting twists. It gained pretty good recognition among audience worldwide.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>This is my favorite movie as it has many messages to deliver on friendship, success and the education system of our nation. The movie highlights a friendship bonding among three college friends. It also teaches about following our passion instead of worrying about grades in order to be accomplished in life. The film also questions the Indian education system where one gets job placement based on grades rather than creative ideas and invention.</p>
